doc: Added release notes on `if`s in gendict (#184)
Jij-Inc/JijModeling-Tutorials: markdowns/en/releases/unreleased.md

problem
```

### Trailing `if` clauses in `gendict` comprehensions

> The Decorator API now supports an `if` clause after a single `for` clause in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Decorator API now supports multiple `if` clauses  after a single `for` clause in a
```

複数のif節が許容されていることを伝えるために複数形にした方がいいかもです。

Author: 単純→複数の形で単純な例から紹介する意図なので、これはママでいきます
